readme.md, before:


# ![FastGH3](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/assets/logo.svg)
(or lesser known as FastGH3 Ain't Smaller Than Guitar Hero 3, for longer)

Play Guitar Hero better than ever before!

The days of GHTCP and janky-to-use tools are no longer, so we bring you THIS!

![version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/donnaken15/FastGH3)
![mod size](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdonnaken15.tk%2Ffastgh3%2F__final_size.php)
![release date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/donnaken15/FastGH3)
![download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/donnaken15/FastGH3/total)
<br>![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/donnaken15/FastGH3)
![launcher code size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/SOURCE/FastGH3/Program.cs?label=launcher%20code%20size)
![qb.pak size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/DATA/PAK/qb.pab.xen?label=qb.pak)
![zone size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/DATA/ZONES/global.pab.xen?label=global.pak)
<br>![update frequency](https://img.shields.io/badge/update%20frequency-2/year-blue)

PLAY NOW!
* [Download (installer)](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/releases/latest/download/FastGH3_1.0.exe)
* [Download (portable)](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/releases/latest/download/FastGH3_1.0.zip)
* [Latest Dev Build](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
<br>![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/donnaken15/FastGH3)
* [Previous Releases + Changelog](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/dev.html)
* [Previous Dev Builds](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/unstab.html)

[Features/Planned list](https://github.com/users/donnaken15/projects/3)

## Instructions

* Download.
<br>![download](https://i.ibb.co/xzfZ4wb/image.png)
* Install. (or extract, and run register.bat on portable)
<br>![installer](https://i.ibb.co/0hW8jVT/image.png)
* Open a chart.
<br>![chart file](https://i.ibb.co/DPJq9tN/image.png)
* ROCK OUT!
<br>![chart file](https://i.ibb.co/W6ZL1Wc/s1.jpg)
* For an extensive list of settings, open settings.bat, or in a command prompt in the game folder, run `fastgh3 -settings`.
(Installer adds a shortcut for this)

### Extra steps
* To enable file association (that is when you click on a file, it opens the program that supports it),
you must use the installer or run register.bat, or click "Open with" on a chart or MIDI and select this program.
* To play with keyboard, or if you have a controller that's not the first player,
open settings.bat, and in tweaks, enable Keyboard mode, launch the game,
and then press any button on your keyboard or device to play.

## Additions

* Windowed mode (and borderless)
* Turn off VSync
* GH3+ plugin system (by ExileLord)
* Overlapping starpower
* Dynamic note limit
* Open notes, taps (by ExileLord)
* Open sustains
* Easy highway and zone swapping for ultimate personalization
* Custom zones at https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/zones.html
* Background images and videos
* Easy chart downloads and instant play through fastgh3:// links
* Song caching (songs converted at least once are saved for later play)
* Autoplay with automatic starpower activation
* A multitude of fixes, such as for:
  * Calibration slow down
  * Particle velocity/friction tied to frame rate
  * Whammy width looking smaller on higher resolutions
  * Leftover starpower FX glitch
  * Holding sustains when unpausing
  * Frame rate based scripts
* Boss battle charts
* Rock Band Solos
* Toggle particles
* Toggle highway/HUD intro
* Hide notes upon hitting them
* Removed venues and models for max performance
* Rich Presence
* Optimized and heavily compressed zones
* Modifiers
  * All strums, or doubles, or taps
  * Hopos to taps
  * Mirror mode
  * Color shuffle

AND A LOT MORE!
<br>AND EVEN MORE TO COME IN THE FUTURE!

Commit message:

more optimized MP3 encoder, test
take out DDS saving and shorten/delete names

readme.md, after:


# ![FastGH3](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/assets/logo.svg)
(or lesser known as FastGH3 Ain't Smaller Than Guitar Hero 3, for longer)

Play Guitar Hero better than ever before!

Optimized and reworked for speed, portability, accessibility, and QOL.

The days of GHTCP, slow songlist batching, and janky-to-use tools are no longer, so we bring you THIS!

![version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/donnaken15/FastGH3)
![mod size](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdonnaken15.tk%2Ffastgh3%2F__final_size.php)
![last release build](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/donnaken15/FastGH3?label=last%20release%20build)
![download count](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/donnaken15/FastGH3/total)
<br>![commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/donnaken15/FastGH3)
![launcher code size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/SOURCE/FastGH3/Program.cs?label=launcher%20code%20size)
![qb.pak size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/DATA/PAK/qb.pab.xen?label=qb.pak)
![zone size](https://img.shields.io/github/size/donnaken15/FastGH3/DATA/ZONES/global.pab.xen?label=global.pak)
<br>![update frequency](https://img.shields.io/badge/update%20frequency-2/year-blue)

PLAY NOW!
* [Download (installer)](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/releases/latest/download/FastGH3_1.0.exe)
* [Download (portable)](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/releases/latest/download/FastGH3_1.0.zip)
* [Latest Dev Build](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)
<br>![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/donnaken15/FastGH3)
* [Previous Releases + Changelog](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/dev.html)
* [Previous Dev Builds](https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/unstab.html)

[Features/Planned list](https://github.com/users/donnaken15/projects/3)

## Instructions

* Download.
<br>![download](https://i.ibb.co/xzfZ4wb/image.png)
* Install. (or extract, and run register.bat on portable)
<br>![installer](https://i.ibb.co/0hW8jVT/image.png)
* Open a chart.
<br>![chart file](https://i.ibb.co/DPJq9tN/image.png)
* ROCK OUT!
<br>![chart file](https://i.ibb.co/W6ZL1Wc/s1.jpg)
* For an extensive list of settings, open settings.bat, or in a command prompt in the game folder, run `fastgh3 -settings`.
(Installer adds a shortcut for this)

### Extra steps
* To enable file association (that is when you click on a file, it opens the program that supports it),
you must use the installer or run register.bat, or click "Open with" on a chart or MIDI and select this program.
* To play with keyboard, or if you have a controller that's not the first player,
open settings.bat, and in tweaks, enable Keyboard mode, launch the game,
and then press any button on your keyboard or device to play.

## Additions

* Windowed mode (and borderless)
* Turn off VSync
* GH3+ plugin system (by ExileLord)
* Overlapping starpower
* Dynamic note limit
* Open notes, taps (by ExileLord)
* Open sustains
* Easy highway and zone swapping for ultimate personalization
* Custom zones at https://donnaken15.tk/fastgh3/zones.html
* Background images and videos
* Easy chart downloads and instant play through fastgh3:// links
* Song caching (songs converted at least once are saved for later play)
* Autoplay with automatic starpower activation
* A multitude of fixes, such as for:
  * Calibration slow down
  * Particle velocity/friction tied to frame rate
  * Whammy width looking smaller on higher resolutions
  * Leftover starpower FX glitch
  * Holding sustains when unpausing
  * Frame rate based scripts
* Boss battle charts
* Rock Band Solos
* Toggle particles
* Toggle highway/HUD intro
* Hide notes upon hitting them
* Removed venues and models for max performance
* Rich Presence
* Optimized and heavily compressed zones
* Modifiers
  * All strums, or doubles, or taps
  * Hopos to taps
  * Mirror mode
  * Color shuffle

AND A LOT MORE!
<br>AND EVEN MORE TO COME IN THE FUTURE!
