.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Got bugs? LET'S KILL 'EM!
title: 'Bug: The stage diver had no animation file and caused a segfault on my guitar'
labels: bug
assignees: donnaken15

---

(Terms: FastGH3.exe is the launcher/song converter and settings, and game.exe is Guitar Hero 3 itself)

**Summarize**
Explain what happens with this bug.


**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Open '...'
2. Click on '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. Error pops up

**Expected behavior (Optional)**
Write what should happen.


**Debugger information (Optional)**
<details><summary>How to get debug info</summary>
For crashing bugs in the game, this will be most useful. If you can, grab a debugger, like x64dbg or IDA, then run the game with it to find the error again, and write down the crashing address that can be found in the status bar of the debugger.
For a more step by step tutorial on how to catch crashes, follow [this tutorial](https://ghwt.de/wiki/#/sdk/debuggingcrashes?id=debugging-crashes).</details>


**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.


**When I downloaded this mod/what version I'm using (most likely required)**
<details><summary>Things to note about old versions</summary>
Old stuff you could be using with the mod like custom themes might break on newer versions and could be the result of the error.<br>
Specify version number for downloaded release build, or date of downloaded development build (bleeding edge).<br>
You can check settings dialog or date of files for this, particularly FastGH3.exe, or check the pause menu if this is not on a release build.<br></details>
Date of download/build date:

Version number (write an X in the matching circle):
- (   ) 1.0-999010889 - 07/2023
- (   ) 1.0-999010723 - 10/2022
- (   ) 1.0-999010611 - 07/2022
- (   ) 1.0-999010574 - 05/2022
- (   ) 1.0-999010389 - 11/2021
- (   ) 1.0-999010247 - 07/2021
- (   ) 1.0-999010010 - 07/2021

**What branch of development does this happen on?**
This can be checked from the pause menu. The branch name is read in blue text.<br>
This is only viewable on most recent builds.
- (   ) [main](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/tree/main)
- (   ) [unpak](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/tree/unpak)

**Desktop (Optional, but could help figure out system specific problems):**
 - OS: [default: Windows 10]

***Do you have these installed: (write an X in the box if you have the following software)***
 - [  ] [DirectX 9](http://localhost/fastgh3/redist.php?f=1)
 - [  ] [Visual C++ 2005](http://localhost/fastgh3/redist.php?f=2)
 - [  ] [Visual C++ 2015](http://localhost/fastgh3/redist.php?f=4)
 - [  ] [.NET Framework 4](http://localhost/fastgh3/redist.php?f=3)

(These are vital to using the mod!)

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

a lot but not a lot
overdue
new report uploading system
make qcomp delete compiled files if they don't have matching source files
move queenbee parser to submodule
texture fixes, optimizations and reducing hardly noticeable pixels, reconverting to DDS and back to PNG (because why but also DX9 already compresses anything regardless of format) and it actually saved space
for some reason, new buildtex can't handle whammy textures as PNG but old buildtex can
fix highway texture color for when starpower is on and missing flashing black
fix little errors in the open note sprites and redo some things, somehow literally caught dead/missing pixels, did starpower glow kind of sloppy, and didn't color note base cyan which apparently is done in retail (APPARENTLY TWO OF THE SCROLLING STARPOWER GLOW FRAMES ARE DUPED, FIX THAT!!!!!!)
some qb optimizations (with some major reaching)

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Got bugs? LET'S KILL 'EM!
title: 'Bug: The stage diver had no animation file and caused a segfault on my guitar'
labels: bug
assignees: donnaken15

---

(Terms: FastGH3.exe is the launcher/song converter and settings, and game.exe is Guitar Hero 3 itself)

**Summarize**
Explain what happens with this bug.


**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Open '...'
2. Click on '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. Error pops up

**Expected behavior (Optional)**
Write what should happen.


**Debugger information (Optional)**
<details><summary>How to get debug info</summary>
For crashing bugs in the game, this will be most useful. If you can, grab a debugger, like x64dbg or IDA, then run the game with it to find the error again, and write down the crashing address that can be found in the status bar of the debugger.
For a more step by step tutorial on how to catch crashes, follow [this tutorial](https://ghwt.de/wiki/#/sdk/debuggingcrashes?id=debugging-crashes).</details>


**Screenshots or attachments**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem, or a log from the mod that contains more details.
(launcher.txt is created by the main program, output.txt is created by the game)


**When I downloaded this mod/what version I'm using (most likely required)**
<details><summary>Things to note about old versions</summary>
Old stuff you could be using with the mod like custom themes might break on newer versions and could be the result of the error.<br>
Specify version number for downloaded release build, or date of downloaded development build (bleeding edge).<br>
You can check settings dialog or date of files for this, particularly FastGH3.exe, or check the pause menu if this is not on a release build.<br></details>
Date of download/build date:

Version number (write an X in the matching circle):
 - ( ) 1.0-999010889 - 07/2023
 - ( ) 1.0-999010723 - 10/2022
 - ( ) 1.0-999010611 - 07/2022
 - ( ) 1.0-999010574 - 05/2022
 - ( ) 1.0-999010389 - 11/2021
 - ( ) 1.0-999010247 - 07/2021
 - ( ) 1.0-999010010 - 07/2021

**What branch of development does this happen on?**
This can be checked from the pause menu. The branch name is read in blue text.<br>
This is only viewable on most recent builds.
 - ( ) [main](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/tree/main)
 - ( ) [unpak](https://github.com/donnaken15/FastGH3/tree/unpak)

**Desktop (Optional, but could help figure out system specific problems):**
 - OS: [default: Windows 10]

***Do you have these installed: (write an X in the box if you have the following software)***
 - [ ] [DirectX 9](http://donnaken15.com/fastgh3/redist.php?f=1)
 - [ ] [Visual C++ 2005](http://donnaken15.com/fastgh3/redist.php?f=2)
 - [ ] [Visual C++ 2015](http://donnaken15.com/fastgh3/redist.php?f=4)
 - [ ] [.NET Framework 4](http://donnaken15.com/fastgh3/redist.php?f=3)

(These are vital to using the mod!)

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.
